Non Preemptive FCFS - We created random processes and the class computed the averages

Start of Process 0
time: 68    str: CPU_time
time: 54    str: IO_time
time: 70    str: CPU_time
time: 53    str: IO_time
time: 13    str: CPU_time
time: 97    str: IO_time
time: 29    str: CPU_time
time: 39    str: IO_time
Total Time :  423
Priority of :  11
End of Process 0

Start of Process 1
time: 10    str: CPU_time
time: 70    str: IO_time
time: 33    str: CPU_time
time: 23    str: IO_time
time: 23    str: CPU_time
time: 79    str: IO_time
time: 50    str: CPU_time
time: 65    str: IO_time
time: 13    str: CPU_time
time: 66    str: IO_time
time: 84    str: CPU_time
time: 90    str: IO_time
Total Time :  606
Priority of :  16
End of Process 1

Start of Process 2
time: 17    str: CPU_time
time: 59    str: IO_time
time: 47    str: CPU_time
time: 82    str: IO_time
time: 72    str: CPU_time
time: 35    str: IO_time
time: 47    str: CPU_time
time: 49    str: IO_time
Total Time :  408
Priority of :  39
End of Process 2

Start of Process 3
time: 14    str: CPU_time
time: 90    str: IO_time
time: 91    str: CPU_time
time: 43    str: IO_time
time: 4    str: CPU_time
time: 15    str: IO_time
time: 97    str: CPU_time
time: 32    str: IO_time
Total Time :  386
Priority of :  94
End of Process 3

Start of Process 4
time: 6    str: CPU_time
time: 76    str: IO_time
time: 39    str: CPU_time
time: 76    str: IO_time
time: 91    str: CPU_time
time: 11    str: IO_time
time: 97    str: CPU_time
time: 39    str: IO_time
time: 71    str: CPU_time
time: 25    str: IO_time
Total Time :  531
Priority of :  88
End of Process 4

Wait time was: 0
StartTime: 0
EndTime: 423

Wait time was: 413
StartTime: 423
EndTime: 1029

Wait time was: 1009
StartTime: 1029
EndTime: 1437

Wait time was: 1407
StartTime: 1437
EndTime: 1823

Wait time was: 1783
StartTime: 1823
EndTime: 2354


Average Wait Time was:  922

Nonpreemptive Priority - we created some random test cases and produced the output.

Start of Process 0
time: 63    str: CPU_time
time: 9    str: IO_time
time: 10    str: CPU_time
time: 49    str: IO_time
time: 82    str: CPU_time
time: 75    str: IO_time
time: 72    str: CPU_time
time: 68    str: IO_time
Total Time :  428
Priority of :  38
End of Process 0

Start of Process 1
time: 31    str: CPU_time
time: 17    str: IO_time
time: 11    str: CPU_time
time: 44    str: IO_time
time: 9    str: CPU_time
time: 4    str: IO_time
time: 85    str: CPU_time
time: 31    str: IO_time
Total Time :  232
Priority of :  85
End of Process 1

Start of Process 2
time: 1    str: CPU_time
time: 84    str: IO_time
time: 41    str: CPU_time
time: 59    str: IO_time
time: 67    str: CPU_time
time: 54    str: IO_time
time: 17    str: CPU_time
time: 42    str: IO_time
time: 35    str: CPU_time
time: 6    str: IO_time
Total Time :  406
Priority of :  2
End of Process 2

Start of Process 3
time: 61    str: CPU_time
time: 33    str: IO_time
time: 28    str: CPU_time
time: 57    str: IO_time
Total Time :  179
Priority of :  40
End of Process 3

Start of Process 4
time: 76    str: CPU_time
time: 90    str: IO_time
time: 2    str: CPU_time
time: 8    str: IO_time
Total Time :  176
Priority of :  8
End of Process 4

0
38
Wait time was: 0
StartTime: 0
EndTime: 428

0
85
Wait time was: 418
StartTime: 428
EndTime: 660

1
40
Wait time was: 630
StartTime: 660
EndTime: 839

1
8
Wait time was: 799
StartTime: 839
EndTime: 1015

0
2
Wait time was: 995
StartTime: 1015
EndTime: 1421


Average Wait Time was:  568



Nonpreemptive SJF - we created some random test cases and produced the output.

Start of Process 0
time: 78    str: CPU_time
time: 96    str: IO_time
time: 76    str: CPU_time
time: 69    str: IO_time
time: 45    str: CPU_time
time: 25    str: IO_time
Total Time :  389
Priority of :  11
End of Process 0

Start of Process 1
time: 72    str: CPU_time
time: 69    str: IO_time
time: 49    str: CPU_time
time: 89    str: IO_time
time: 15    str: CPU_time
time: 15    str: IO_time
time: 86    str: CPU_time
time: 97    str: IO_time
Total Time :  492
Priority of :  33
End of Process 1

Start of Process 2
time: 99    str: CPU_time
time: 44    str: IO_time
time: 58    str: CPU_time
time: 84    str: IO_time
time: 70    str: CPU_time
time: 36    str: IO_time
Total Time :  391
Priority of :  86
End of Process 2

Start of Process 3
time: 93    str: CPU_time
time: 55    str: IO_time
time: 59    str: CPU_time
time: 18    str: IO_time
time: 2    str: CPU_time
time: 85    str: IO_time
time: 7    str: CPU_time
time: 63    str: IO_time
time: 20    str: CPU_time
time: 41    str: IO_time
Total Time :  443
Priority of :  36
End of Process 3

Start of Process 4
time: 57    str: CPU_time
time: 28    str: IO_time
time: 93    str: CPU_time
time: 70    str: IO_time
time: 41    str: CPU_time
time: 28    str: IO_time
time: 27    str: CPU_time
time: 43    str: IO_time
Total Time :  387
Priority of :  50
End of Process 4

0
389
Wait time was: 0
StartTime: 0
EndTime: 389

3
387
Wait time was: 349
StartTime: 389
EndTime: 776

1
391
Wait time was: 756
StartTime: 776
EndTime: 1167

1
443
Wait time was: 1137
StartTime: 1167
EndTime: 1610

0
492
Wait time was: 1600
StartTime: 1610
EndTime: 2102


Average Wait Time was:  768
